DOCS-5309 Adds Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations Guide (#18503)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/versions-for-openmetrics-based-integrations.md

Latest
: Datadog recommends using the `latest` version and referencing the `latest` version of the [documentation][1] when setting up an OpenMetrics-based integration from scratch on the latest Agent version.

Legacy
: The `legacy` version is maintained only for backward compatibility reasons—mainly to allow integrations to continue working after an Agent upgrade without requiring a change in configuration. </br> If you have set up an OpenMetrics-based integration in the past, you may be using the old version, in which case you can use the `legacy` configuration example linked from the [documentation][2] as a reference, and Datadog recommends migrating to `latest` when possible.

## Mode-dependent metrics

Integrations with `latest` and `legacy` modes may produce a different subset of metrics, indicated in the documentation and in-app metric descriptions as OpenMetrics V2 (for latest) and OpenMetrics V1 (for legacy). Keep this in mind when you are looking for metric names on the Datadog site or when you are setting up [dashboards][3] and [monitors][4].

## OpenMetrics-based integration modes

> While it may very for each OpenMetrics-based integration, you can enable the `latest` mode by either:

Reviewer: Reading this again, iI don't know if it's clear enough. To me this makes it sound like either of these methods would work equally for all integrations. The section from the original draft was meant to help customers identify whether they're running in "legacy" or not.

> While it may very for each OpenMetrics-based integration, you can enable the `latest` mode by either:

Author: Gotcha, I'll add the context section in here!

* Setting `openmetrics_endpoint` to a target endpoint.
* Setting `use_openmetrics` to true.

For more information, see the appropriate OpenMetrics-based integration documentation.

> [1]: /integrations/guide/prometheus-metrics/?tab=latestversion
> [2]: /integrations/guide/prometheus-metrics/?tab=beforeopenemetricsv200

Author: ```suggestion
```

Legacy
: The `legacy` version is maintained only for backward compatibility reasons—mainly to allow integrations to continue working after an Agent upgrade without requiring a change in configuration. </br></br> If you have set up an OpenMetrics-based integration in the past, you may be using the old version, in which case you can use the `legacy` configuration example linked from the documentation as a reference. Datadog recommends migrating to the `latest` version when possible.

## Mode-dependent metrics

Integrations with `latest` and `legacy` modes may produce a different subset of metrics, indicated in the documentation and in-app metric descriptions as OpenMetrics V2 (for latest) and OpenMetrics V1 (for legacy). When you look for metric names on the Datadog site or set up [dashboards][3] and [monitors][4], make sure to use metrics appropriate for your version of the integration.

## OpenMetrics-based integration modes

While it may vary for each OpenMetrics-based integration, you can enable the `latest` mode by either:

* Setting `openmetrics_endpoint` to a target endpoint.
* Setting `use_openmetrics` to true.

## History of latest and legacy versions

> <div class="alert alert-info">Datadog avoids introducing breaking changes to integrations as much as possible, so customers can update the Datadog Agent without needing to make large configuration changes. This commitment to backwards compatibility makes it difficult to address existing design issues in the configuration and default behavior.</a>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">Datadog avoids introducing breaking changes to integrations as much as possible, so customers can update the Datadog Agent without needing to make large configuration changes. This commitment to backwards compatibility makes it difficult to address existing design issues in the configuration and default behavior.</div>
```

> Since Prometheus/OpenMetrics is a commonly used format for exposing metrics, many integrations are based on it and share a majority of its configuration and default behavior. Datadog is committed to providing an improved experience in the `latest` version, and maintaining the original experience in the `legacy` version.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since the OpenMetrics format is commonly used to export metrics, many integrations are based on it. These integrations share a set of configuration options and default behavior. Datadog is committed to providing an improved experience in the `latest` version, and maintaining the original experience in the `legacy` version.  
```
